CLEMONT: Bonnie?
CLEMONT: Aren't you
ever going to get out of bed?
CLEMONT: Please, wake up.
BONNIE: Clemont, why
are you dressed like that?
CLEMONT: What do you mean?
It's my wedding day, remember?
‐BONNIE: Wedding?!
‐CLEMONT: Right!
I'm also
going to turn the Lumiose Gym
over to you.
Take good care of it.
BONNIE: Wait, you can't do that!
CLEMONT: Come on.
Get dressed or we'll be late!
Wear something
nice on my big day.
BONNIE: Wait! Come on, you
can't really be getting married!
Stop it now!
BONNIE: Clemont, STOP IT!
BONNIE: No way.
That wouldn't have happened.
It couldn't. Impossible.
BONNIE: Yay. Yip‐pee
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: Our heroes are
continuing their journey to
Snowbelle City, where
Ash hopes to win his eighth
Kalos Gym badge.
SERENA: A strange dream?
BONNIE: Yeah. It was so weird.
SERENA: What do you mean?
,BONNIE: Can't tell
'cause it's aSECRET!
SERENA: Dreams can come
true, right? So dream carefully
BONNIE: Carefully?
SERENA: It's like be
careful what you wish for,
'cause you might get it.
ASH: Hey, Clemont? Aren't
you gonna eat your breakfast?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: I'll be
there in just a minute.
CLEMONT: Uh oh
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE,
PIKACHU, DEDENNE: [YELLING]
CLEMONT: Oh well.
Guess I blew it again...
BONNIE: Me worried? No way.
SQUISHY: [CONTENTED]
PIKACHU, PANCHAM, CHESPIN,
BUNNELBY, DEDENNE: [PLAYING]
CHESPIN: [EXERTION]
CHESPIN: [PLAYING]
PIKACHU: [PLAYING]
BUNEARY: [EXCLAIMING]
BUNNELBY: [SIGHING] [RESIGNED]
BUNNELBY: [SEARCHING]
BUNEARY: [CALLING]
BUNNELBY: [SURPRISED]
BUNEARY: [QUESTIONING]
BUNNELBY: [EXCITED]
BUNEARY: [STARTLED]
BUNEARY: [SURPRISED] [SHY]
ASH: Bunnelby?
ASH: You find it?
BUNNELBY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Look at that! See?
CLEMONT: It's a Buneary.
BUNEARY: [BASHFUL]
POKEDEX: Buneary. The Rabbit
Pokémon. Buneary perks up its
ears at the first sign of
danger. It tucks its head into
its fur to sleep on cold nights.
SERENA: It's adorable!
BONNIE: Sure is!
LILIA: Buneary, where are you?
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE,
PIKACHU, PANCHAM: [SURPRISED]
LILIA: That's where you are!
My, my. Are they friends?
CLEMONT: Excuse me.
Is that Buneary with you?
LILIA: That's right. And I'll
bet that Bunnelby's with you.
‐CLEMONT: You're right.
‐BONNIE: What a pretty girl!
You're a keeper!
BONNIE: Help me out!
Please take care of my brother!
BONNIE: You could be my
big brother's wife, okay?!
My brother's re‐ liable, but
he makes things that sometimes
don't work, so he needs
someone to keep him grounded!
CLEMONT: Stop! I told you
not to do that a million times!
BONNIE: Stop it! No fair!
LILIA: That sounds interesting!
Actually, I'm looking for
a partner, too. I'm Lilia.
Hi there!
LILIA: Hey, what's that?
CLEMONT: It's my Aipom Arm.
LILIA: That's very cool!
CLEMONT: I made it myself!
LILIA: Incredible! I'm really
interested in devices like this!
‐CLEMONT: Please.
‐LILIA: Thank you.
CLEMONT: WowSo your father's the
president of Orangics?
Incredible!
LILIA: He sure is.
CLEMONT: I can't believe it!
Orangics is the world's number
one manufacturer of robots!
ASH: Awesome.
Wow, talk about cool!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: Beyond amazing!
LILIA: It's true. Even so,
your Aipom Arm is more amazing.
‐By a mile!
‐ASH: Yeah.
Clemont's
great at coming up with all
sorts of machines!
CLEMONT: I don't know. The thing
is It's really just a hobby.
ASH: He also made
a robot named Clembot!
BONNIE: Blabbermouth
DEDENNE: [IRRITATED]
SQUISHY: [RESIGNED]
LILIA: They're
all so fascinating!
CLEMONT: I keep the Aipom
Arm hidden in my backpack and
ready to go.
LILIA: What a great idea.
Then, you can use it anytime!
ASH: Clemont's such a big help.
He's gotten us out of a whole
lot of really tough spots!
LILIA: Wow
SERENA: So, Lilia?
Didn't you say you were
looking for a partner?
LILIA: Yes, I did. I'll have to
take over for my father someday.
CLEMONT: you mean you are
going to become president?
LILIA: Likely. But the partner I
end up choosing will have to be
ready too.
CLEMONT: Makes sense to me.
LILIA: That's great!
BONNIE: It can't be!!
BONNIE: Clemont! Wait, no!
CLEMONT: Bonnie? I'm sorry. I
haven't introduced you two yet.
I want you to
meet my bride, Lilia.
LILIA: Hi there!
Nice to meet you.
CLEMONT: Now that we run
Orangics, you're going to have
to help me out a bit. So I'm
going to put you in charge of
the Lumiose Gym!
LILIA: Darling,
your tea is all ready.
Why don't you take a break?
CLEMONT: Thank you, dear.
BONNIE: No. No way
DEDENNE: [CONFUSED]
SERENA:
Hey what's the matter, Bonnie?
BONNIE: Do me a favor.
Pinch my cheek hard!
SERENA: What for?!
BONNIE: Do it, please!
BONNIE: Owee, that hurts!
I'm awake. So it isn't a dream!
ASH: Are you hungry?
CLEMONT:
Maybe I should make lunch.
ASH: Clemont's a really
great cook. He's amazing.
LILIA: Well,
that would be wonderful.
BONNIE: Double blabbermouth
LILIA: Wow, a machine
that can cook. I'm impressed!
BONNIE: Excuse me.
I'm hungry, too, you know!
CLEMONT: But you just
had something to eat
a little while ago.
BONNIE: Whatever
DEDENNE: [POUTING]
LILIA: Hey, look.
Buneary seems to like Bunnelby.
BUNEARY: [FRIENDLY]
BUNNELBY: [AWKWARD]
PANCHAM: [WHISPERING]
CHESPIN: [PUSHY]
BUNEARY: [STARTLED]
CHESPIN: [FLIRTING]
CHESPIN: [PAINED YELP]
PANCHAM: [FLIRTING]
PANCHAM: [PAINED YELP]
BUNEARY: [AFFECTIONATE]
CHESPIN, PANCHAM: [DISBELIEVING]
MEOWTH: Dig it. It's a Buneary!
JAMES: The epitome of cute.
JESSIE: With that Buneary in
my hot little hands, the whole,
wide world would be at my
command. My ravishing beauty
would be lifted up
to a whole new level!
JAMES: You don't say
JESSIE: I do say. That's the
way this old world goes 'round.
MEOWTH: I'm dizzy.
JESSIE: One can
never be too beautiful.
So we're catching
that Buneary, see?!
JAMES: Crystal clear.
MEOWTH: You know, that Buneary
might just be the thing to warm
Team Rocket right up!
JAMES: Like a hot plate?
MEOWTH: Let me give it to you
straight. Whether it's Inkay or
Gourgeist they're
not all that cute.
JAMES: I think Inkay's adorable!
MEOWTH: Not much
warmth going on there
JESSIE: It's decided.
We catch Buneary!
LILIA: Delicious!
Such great food!
ASH: Told you so.
LILIA:
A man who can cook. Lovely!
CLEMONT: Stop. I'm blushing!
DEDENNE: [WORRIED]
LILIA: Here. Try this. A little
sweet honey for a sweetheart.
Like you!
CLEMONT: Wow that's so sweet!
LILIA: All right. Say ah
CLEMONT: Ah Delicious!
BONNIE:
And then Clemont will say
CLEMONT: I'm the
happiest man in the whole world!
DEDENNE: [DETERMINED]
DEDENNE: [ANGRY] [NUZZLE MOVE]
CLEMONT: What was that for?!
You know you shouldn't do that!
Now apologize!
DEDENNE: [INDIGNANT]
LILIA: No. It's okay!
BONNIE:
Nice job. Thanks, Dedenne!
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
BUNEARY: [AFFECTIONATE]
LILIA: You two?
LILIA: Why don't
you go for a little walk?
BUNEARY: [ENTHUSIASTIC]
BUNNELBY: [AGREEABLE]
BUNEARY: [PLEASED]
LILIA: Bunnelby!
Take care of Buneary!
BUNNELBY: [AGREEMENT]
CHESPIN: [ANGRY]
PANCHAM: [ANGRY]
CLEMONT: Bunnelby's extremely
reliable. You don't have to
worry about a thing.
LILIA: Say, why don't we go,
too? Come on! Let's take a walk!
CLEMONT: Sure. Sounds fun.
BONNIE, : Just because Buneary
and Bunnelby are getting along
so well doesn't mean they have
to take a walk together, too
DEDENNE: [GRUMBLING]
SERENA:
That's so sweet, isn't it?
BONNIE, DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: I have a feeling things
might work out for those two.
BONNIE: I wish I had
never said she's a keeper
CLEMONT: That's right!
Once I was even
kicked out of my own Gym!
BUNNELBY, BUNEARY: [PROTECTIVE]
LILIA, BUNNELBY: [scream REACT)
CLEMONT: Lilia! Are you okay?!
BUNEARY: [CALLING]
LILIA: I think so
BUNNELBY: [DAZED]
JESSIE: We missed. We got
the girl with the glasses.
Not Buneary.
JAMES: Lousy aim.
MEOWTH: On to plan B!
CLEMONT: Grab hold!
BUNNELBY: [EXERTION]
LILIA: Thanks so much.
BUNEARY: [WORRIED]
BUNNELBY: [REASSURING]
CLEMONT: There you go.
LILIA: Thanks.
You're so sweet and kind.
CLEMONT: Aw,
it really wasn't anything.
BONNIE: Lilia?
BONNIE: Can I talk
to you for a minute?
LILIA: Sure.
BONNIE: Over here!
CLEMONT: What are they doing?
SERENA:
Bonnie's a good little sister.
CLEMONT: Yeah...
LILIA: Wow so your brother
makes all sorts of inventions,
doesn't he? Seems like
they're all really incredible!
BONNIE: They all blow up.
Every single one of them.
They're all disasters!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: They go boom,
and it makes a mess!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LILIA: Failure leads to success!
That's how truly great
inventions get perfected.
BONNIE, DEDENNE: [GROANING]
BONNIE: Know what? He gets
scared of the dark! Like a baby.
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LILIA: How sweet!
That's so adorable!
BONNIE, DEDENNE: [GROANING]
BONNIE: Also Know what else? He
likes to take off his shirt and
wrap himself in an Arbok,
like a blankie!
LILIA: That's so nice. An
Arbok can be so cozy and warm!
BONNIE, DEDENNE: [GROANING]
BONNIE: That didn't go well.
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Buneary!"
ASH: 'Kay, hit it!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LILIA: Do you mind
if I walk to the next
Pokémon Center with you?
SERENA: Sure. Let's all go!
CLEMONT: Yeah come on!
BONNIE, DEDENNE: [POUTING]
BUNEARY: [HAPPY]
BUNNELBY: [CONTENTED]
PANCHAM, CHESPIN: [POUTING]
CLEMONT: So,
is your leg all right?
LILIA: Yes, it's fine now!
Doesn't hurt a bit!
BONNIE: Clemont!
Let's hold hands!
CLEMONT: But Bonnie,
you never want to hold hands!
BONNIE: Come on!
BUNNELBY, BUNEARY: [STARTLED]
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE,
LILIA, PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
PIKACHU: [SCREAM]
ASH, SERENA: What happened?!
BUNEARY: [SCARED]
BUNNELBY: [DETERMINED]
BUNEARY: [SCREA MING]
ASH: NOW what?!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
JESSIE: Prepare for
trouble, all's fair in love!
JAMES: And make it double,
it fits like a glove!
JESSIE: To protect
the world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
couples within our nation!
JESSIE: To denounce the
evils of hearts and flowers!
JAMES: To extend our
reach into the wee, small hours!
‐JESSIE: Jessie!
‐JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts
off at the speed of light!
JAMES: Surrender now or
prepare for a heartfelt fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
MEOWTH: Pit trap courtesy of US!
ASH: It's you guys!
Give back Buneary and Bunnelby!
LILIA: Who are they?
ASH: Bad guys who
steal other people's Pokémon!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BUNNELBY, BUNEARY:
[SCARED] [SCREAMING]
CHESPIN:
[EXERT] [EXERT] [SCREAM]
PANCHAM:
JESSIE: We've just
grabbed these little cutie‐pie
Pokémon for a song!
MEOWTH: So long!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
SERENA: You two!
Are you both okay?!
PANCHAM, CHESPIN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
‐BONNIE: Clemont,
BONNIE: Clemont,
get us out of here!
CLEMONT: Lilia!
BONNIE: I NEED TO GET OUT, TOO!
LILIA: Poor Buneary
CLEMONT: I promise you I'll get
Buneary and Bunnelby back here
safe and sound!
LILIA: Thanks.
CLEMONT: See, the future
is nowthanks to science!
CLEMONT: Clemontic Gear, on!
CLEMONT: I thought we'd
encounter a situation precisely
like this!
My Protection Progress Machine!
CLEMONT: There are transmitters
embedded in the bandages I put
on you and Buneary back there!
CLEMONT: See what it does?
LILIA: It's responding!
ASH: Wow, science is so amazing!
CLEMONT: So, let's begin!
CLEMONT: I've got a signal!
ASH: All right. Let's find them!
CLEMONT: Let's go!
PIKACHU, PANCHAM, CHESPIN:
[EXERTION]
BUNEARY: [SAD]
BUNNELBY: [REASSURING]
JESSIE: Our own sweetie.
MEOWTH: It's a cutie CREW!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
ASH: Buneary! Bunnelby!
JAMES: How did you find us?!
BONNIE: My brother's invention!
JESSIE:
Gourgeist, make them pay!
JAMES: Yay Inkay!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
JESSIE: Use Shadow Ball!
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
CLEMONT:
Chespin, now! Pin Missile!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
ASH: All right,
Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JAMES: Quick. Psybeam!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
CLEMONT: Luxray, help us out!
LUXRAY: [APPEAR]
CLEMONT: Use Thunder Fang!
LUXRAY: [THUNDER FANG MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [IMPACT]
JAMES: Use Psybeam once more!
JESSIE: And Shadow Ball!
INKAY, GOURGEIST: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
ASH, CLEMONT, PIKACHU, LUXRAY:
[DODGING]
CLEMONT: Bonnie, NO!
CLEMONT: Bonnie!
BONNIE: Clemont!
CLEMONT:
You're going to be fine!
JESSIE: Use Shadow Ball!
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, quick!
PIKACHU: [IMPACT]
SERENA: Now, Pancham,
it's our turn! Use Stone Edge!
PANCHAM: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH,
GOURGEIST, INKAY: [IMPACT]
JESSIE: Seed Bomb, GO!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
PANCHAM: [IMPACT] [IMPACT]
CLEMONT:
Bonnie, just stay still!
I'm pulling you up right now!
LILIA: Can you do it?
LUXRAY: [CONCERNED]
CLEMONT: 'Course I can!
‐BONNIE: CLEMONT!!
‐CLEMONT: It's okay! Trust me.
And my Aipom Arm, too!
LILIA, LUXRAY: [EXERT]
CLEMONT: See?
Everything's all right.
‐BONNIE: You did it
‐LILIA: What a relief!
LUXRAY: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Braixen,
your turn! Fire Blast!
BRAIXEN:
[APPEAR] [FIRE BLAST MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [IMPACT]
ASH: Pikachu, Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
INKAY: [IMPACT]
CLEMONT: Are you all right?
BONNIE: Yeah, I'm just fine!
BONNIE:
But your Aipom Arm isn't.
CLEMONT, :
Oh, I can fix this thing easily!
the important thing is it saved
you. And that's what matters.
BONNIE: Oh, Clemont
MEOWTH: These warm‐and‐cuddlies
are staying right here!
BUNEARY: [SAD]
BUNNELBY: [ANGRY]
ASH: Pikachu, use Iron
Tail to cut through that net!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
[RUNNING] [IRON TAIL MOVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH,
GOURGEIST , INKAY: [SCARED]
CLEMONT: YESS!
LILIA:
Thank goodness you're safe!
BUNNELBY: [RELIEVED]
BUNEARY: [RELIEVED]
ASH: Yeah!
JAMES: Guess what's next?
ASH: Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH,
GOURGEIST , INKAY: [SCREAMING]
JESSIE: Buneary would've
lifted my ravishing beauty up a
notchraising my allure
up from a ten to an eleven.
MEOWTH: No doubt Team Rocket
would've had
more cuddle power...
JAMES: But Inkay's
still my cutie of the hour.
INKAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
LILIA: Oh, Buneary,
is everything all right?
BUNEARY: [HAPPY]
CLEMONT:
I'm just glad everybody's safe!
LILIA: Thanks
so much, Clemont. All of you!
CLEMONT: It was nothing!
LILIA: Well, then.
Time to say goodbye.
SERENA: I thought you
were coming with us to the
Pokémon Center.
LILIA: Not now. I'm not ready
to choose a partner just yet.
There's still a lot more
for me to learn, an awful lot!
LILIA: It's not the
kind of quick decision
you make overnight
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
LILIA: Bonnie?
Be nice to your brother, 'kay?
BONNIE: Okay!
LILIA: Let's go, Buneary!
BUNEARY: [BROKEN HEARTED]
BUNNELBY: [REASSURING]
ASH:
Take care of yourself, Lilia!
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
SERENA: We'll see you again!
BONNIE: Lilia, BYE!
BUNEARY: [TEARFUL FAREWELL]
BUNNELBY: [FAREWELL]
CLEMONT: Have a good time!
BONNIE: You're fine the way
you are, Clemont! You know?
CLEMONT:
What are you talking about?
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: Nothing
SQUISHY: [AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR: After being rescued by
her big brother, Bonnie was
reminded of just how close they
are. Now, it's off once again to
Snowbelle City
and Ash's next Gym battle,
as the journey continues!
CLEMONT: Okay.
Let's see how this works.
BONNIE: Is it fixed?
CLEMONT: Good as new!
BONNIE: Uh, what about this?
BONNIE: Guess I was right.
I really do need to find
someone to take care of you.
BONNIE: Someone
like you! You're a keeper!
Please take care of my brother
WOMAN: Who, me?!
CLEMONT: Bonnie!!
I told you not to do
this a million times!!